chore(curriculum): Updated Step 12 instructions in 'Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App' (#46685)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-by-building-a-cat-photo-app/5dfa22d1b521be39a3de7be0.md

---

# --description--

> Turn the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element into a link by wrapping them in an anchor (`a`) element. Use the same link from the previous challenge (`https://freecatphotoapp.com`) as the value for the `href` attribute. The `p` element will have the same text in the preview, but the words `cat photos` will be a link. Be sure to remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element. 

Reviewer: Blank line was accidentally deleted:
```suggestion

Turn the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element into a link by wrapping them in an anchor (`a`) element. Use the same link from the previous challenge (`https://freecatphotoapp.com`) as the value for the `href` attribute. The `p` element will have the same text in the preview, but the words `cat photos` will be a link. Be sure to remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element. 
```

> Turn the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element into a link by wrapping them in an anchor (`a`) element. Use the same link from the previous challenge (`https://freecatphotoapp.com`) as the value for the `href` attribute. The `p` element will have the same text in the preview, but the words `cat photos` will be a link. Be sure to remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element. 

Reviewer: We specifically went away from using () around code blocks due to confusion. We probably don't want to add them back here.

Reviewer: Note - I put some comments into the original issue. The issue was not open for contribution yet since we have not actually decided upon a way forward yet.

> Turn the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element into a link by wrapping them in an anchor (`a`) element. Use the same link from the previous challenge (`https://freecatphotoapp.com`) as the value for the `href` attribute. The `p` element should show the same text in the browser, but the words `cat photos` should now be a link. When finished, be sure to remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turn the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element into a link by wrapping them in an anchor (`a`) element. Use the same link from the previous challenge (`https://freecatphotoapp.com`) as the value for the `href` attribute. The `p` element will have the same text in the preview, but the words `cat photos` will be a link. Be sure to remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element. 
```

# --description--

> The phrase `cat photos` shows up twice on our webpage. Replace the words `cat photos` located inside the `p` element with the entire `a` element. The `p` element should show the same text in the browser, but the words `cat photos` should now be a link. Remove the `a` element with the text `cat photos` on the line below the `p` element.

Reviewer 2: Here's what I might have done...

```suggestion
You can see the words `Cat Photos` next to the image now, they are underlined. That's your anchor or link, feel free to give it a click. In the text of your `p` element, turn the words `Cat Photos` in into a link that links to `https://freecatphotoapp.com`. When you are done, remove the old anchor tag and text below the paragraph.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```
You can see the words `cat photos` underlined next to the image in the preview. That's your link; feel free to give it a click. Turn the words `cat photos` in the text of your `p` element into a link to `https://freecatphotoapp.com`. When you are done, remove the old anchor tag on the line below the paragraph element.
```

Reviewer 2: I changed my suggestion to a combination of what it was and your suggestion @jeremylt - what do you think?

Reviewer: The only thing I'd change is the capitalization of `cat photos` - If I recall correctly, its all lowercase in the challenge?

Reviewer 2: Yup, you're right. I updated the suggestion.

Author: Sounds good 👍
